-----------------------------------------
License for Python code in this directory
-----------------------------------------
The code in this directory is licensed under the GNU General Public License
v3. (See LICENSE_GPL_v3.txt in this directory for the license.)

--------------------------------------------------
License for text in input/ and output/ directories
--------------------------------------------------
The Tags field (not present in the original course) is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0). This refers to
both the Rules column in the Model.txt input file and the Tags column in
the output file. 
Many of the notes in this deck (approximately 10%) have been modified
slightly from their original form to modernize the spelling or align with
more modern usage. For example, ‘Fräulein X’ has been replaced with ‘Frau X’
throughout. These slight modifications are released under the
Creative Commons CC0 license.
This deck is not affiliated with or endorsed by the author(s) of the
original course or by the Foreign Service Institute.

URL of a human-readable summary of the CC BY 4.0 license:
    https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0

URL of the license itself. The summary is not a substitute for the license:
    https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode

URL of the CC0 summary. The summary is not a substitute for the legal text:
    https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0

URL of the CC0 legal text:
    https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode

The Tags field and slight modifications to the original notes are
© 2020, 2025 by Ray Griner.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Note the disclaimer of warranties in the CC BY 4.0 license:

Section 5 – Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.

a. Unless otherwise separately undertaken by the Licensor, to the extent
possible, the Licensor offers the Licensed Material as-is and as-available,
and makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the
Licensed Material, whether express, implied, statutory, or other. This
includes, without limitation, warranties of title, merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose, non-infringement, absence of latent or other
defects, accuracy, or the presence or absence of errors, whether or not
known or discoverable. Where disclaimers of warranties are not allowed in
full or in part, this disclaimer may not apply to You.

b. To the extent possible, in no event will the Licensor be liable to You
on any legal theory (including, without limitation, negligence) or
otherwise for any direct, special, indirect, incidental, consequential,
punitive, exemplary, or other losses, costs, expenses, or damages arising
out of this Public License or use of the Licensed Material, even if the
Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such losses, costs,
expenses, or damages. Where a limitation of liability is not allowed in
full or in part, this limitation may not apply to You.

c. The disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability provided above
shall be interpreted in a manner that, to the extent possible, most closely
approximates an absolute disclaimer and waiver of all liability.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Note the disclaimer of warranties in the CC0 legal text:

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.

a. No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned, 
surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document.

b. Affirmer offers the Work as-is and makes no representations or
warranties of any kind concerning the Work, express, implied, statutory or
otherwise, including without limitation warranties of title,
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non infringement, or
the absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the present or absence
of errors, whether or not discoverable, all to the greatest extent
permissible under applicable law.

c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility for clearing rights of other persons
that may apply to the Work or any use thereof, including without limitation
any person's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work. Further, Affirmer
disclaims responsibility for obtaining any necessary consents, permissions
or other rights required for any use of the Work.

d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative Commons is not a
party to this document and has no duty or obligation with respect to this
CC0 or use of the Work.
