# Overview

This repository contains files necessary to create a flashcard deck
containing many drills from the Foreign Service Institute (FSI) German
Basic Course.

The Foreign Service Institute (FSI) German Basic Course is a two-volume
German course published in 1961 (Volume 1) and 1965 (Volume 2) by the FSI,
which is a division of the U.S. Department of State. Each volume contains
twelve units. The course is based on the audio-lingual method of language
learning. Modern courses tend to use a different method, such as the
communicative method, which de-emphasizes the repetitive drills of the
audio-lingual method. Nevertheless, some amount of grammar drills are
useful, and the German Basic Course offers a large number of ready-made
drills that can supplement whatever primary course a user is following.
Only selected drills are included, with an emphasis on substitution,
conversion, and verb-and-preposition drills. The Tag field indicates the
unit and grammar topic. Generally, one prompt in the course equals one
card in the deck. This prompt can range from a single word (with a model
sentence showing the position of the word) to a sentence (with English
instructions describing the desired transformation). Audio is not included. 
# Generation of Output Files

To generate the output files, simply clone the repository and execute the
Python program.

# Additional Documentation and Anki Deck

Additional documentation and an Anki deck containing the generated output
is available at: https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1272878976.

# Version

The code in this repository corresponds to v1.3 of the Anki deck shared
at the link above. Code for prior versions of the deck are not in this
repository.

# Future Work

The only work planned in the near future are bug fixes and moving some of
the documentation from the link above to this repository.
