README.md, before:

# Overview

This repository contains files necessary to create a flashcard deck
containing many drills from the Foreign Service Institute (FSI) German
Basic Course.

The Foreign Service Institute (FSI) German Basic Course is a two-volume
German course published in 1961 (Volume 1) and 1965 (Volume 2) by the FSI,
which is a division of the U.S. Department of State. Each volume contains
twelve units. The course is based on the audio-lingual method of language
learning. Modern courses tend to use a different method, such as the
communicative method, which de-emphasizes the repetitive drills of the
audio-lingual method. Nevertheless, some amount of grammar drills are
useful, and the German Basic Course offers a large number of ready-made
drills that can supplement whatever primary course a user is following.
Only selected drills are included, with an emphasis on substitution,
conversion, and verb-and-preposition drills. The Tag field indicates the
unit and grammar topic. Generally, one prompt in the course equals one
card in the deck. This prompt can range from a single word (with a model
sentence showing the position of the word) to a sentence (with English
instructions describing the desired transformation). Audio is not included. 
# Generation of Output Files

To generate the output files, simply clone the repository and execute the
Python program.

# Additional Documentation and Anki Deck

Additional documentation and an Anki deck containing the generated output
is available at: https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1272878976.

# Version

The code in this repository corresponds to v1.3 of the Anki deck shared
at the link above. Code for prior versions of the deck are not in this
repository.

# Future Work

The only work planned in the near future are bug fixes and moving some of
the documentation from the link above to this repository.

Commit message:

Modify input/output for spelling corrections and remove out-of-date words.
Any text modified for this reason for variable '[var]' has the original
text in a new column named 'Orig_[var]' in the input file. A tag 'Modified'
is added to notes where the 'Orig_[var]' is not empty when such [var] is
used in the prompt or answer.

README.md, after:

# Overview

This repository contains files necessary to create a flashcard deck
containing many drills from the Foreign Service Institute (FSI) German
Basic Course.

The Foreign Service Institute (FSI) German Basic Course is a two-volume
German course published in 1961 (Volume 1) and 1965 (Volume 2) by the FSI,
which is a division of the U.S. Department of State. Each volume contains
twelve units. The course is based on the audio-lingual method of language
learning. Modern courses tend to use a different method, such as the
communicative method, which de-emphasizes the repetitive drills of the
audio-lingual method. Nevertheless, some amount of grammar drills are
useful, and the German Basic Course offers a large number of ready-made
drills that can supplement whatever primary course a user is following.
Only selected drills are included, with an emphasis on substitution,
conversion, and verb-and-preposition drills. The Tag field indicates the
unit and grammar topic. Generally, one prompt in the course equals one
card in the deck. This prompt can range from a single word (with a model
sentence showing the position of the word) to a sentence (with English
instructions describing the desired transformation). Audio is not included. 

It is not recommended that users review all notes in the deck in order.
Rather, users should use the Tags field to select a subset of cards for the
grammar topic they want to review or study (e.g., adjective declension,
passive voice, relative clauses, etc...).

Many of the notes in this deck (approximately 10%) have been modified
slightly from their original form to modernize the spelling or align with
more modern usage. For example, ‘Fräulein X’ has been replaced with ‘Frau X’
throughout. Documentation on these changes and other documentation for the
deck is in the wiki.

# Generation of Output Files

To generate the output files, simply clone the repository and execute the
Python program.

# Additional Documentation and Anki Deck

Additional documentation and an Anki deck containing the generated output
is available at: https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1272878976.

# Version

The code in this repository corresponds to v1.4 of the Anki deck shared
at the link above. Code for decks prior to v1.3 is not stored in this
repository.

# Future Work

The only work planned in the near future are bug fixes and moving some of
the documentation from the link above to this repository.
